There was no me.
I embodied her.
I became her.
Her fault was my fault.
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay

Three days later I called her up. I 
apologized for what happened, and she 
told me that she couldn’t go to sleep
And ther sche cryed, "I dey, I dey," and 
roryd also wondirfully that the pepil 
wonderyd upon hir, havyng gret merveyl 
what hir eyled. And yet I mad summe to 
lofe hir and cherschyn hir ryth meche 
and haddyn hir hom bothe to mete and 
to drynke and haddyn ful gret gladnes to 
heryn hir dalyin in owre Lord.
Everyone had left her. She had no family, 
no friends:
And thei wer most displesyd for sche 
wepyd so mech and spak alwey of the 
lofe and goodnes of owyr Lord as wel at 
the tabyl as in other place. And therfor 
schamfully thei reprevyd hir and alto 
chedyn hir and seyden thei wold not 
suffren hir.

She was outside of the coffee shop and I 
saw her wearing her floral patterned dress 
and mickey mouse jean jacket. I had 
already asked her out on a date by this 
point and she had said no, but that was 
fine, I liked making new friends. I started 
reading poetry because of her, and I 
couldn’t make sense of a poem by Sylvia 
Plath. It was a poem called “Daddy.” 
I walked over, started up a conversation, 
and gave her the poem to read.

But what of the beautiful times. Like when 
I first saw her reading poetry.
She was outside of the coffee shop and I 
saw her wearing her floral patterned dress 
and mickey mouse jean jacket. I had 
already asked her out on a date by this 
point and she had said no, but that was 
fine, I liked making new friends. I started 
reading poetry because of her, and I 
couldn’t make sense of a poem 
by Sylvia Plath. It was a poem 
called “Daddy.” I walked over, started up 
a conversation, and gave her the poem 
to read.

In the beginning was the word.
And in the end was the body.
No, not the end, not the beginning,
An interstice.
The small intervening space,
Where I recognized the body
In the violence of inertia
Hurtling me towards the recognition,
The understanding,
Of my body as monstrous.

The players around the poker table dominated the room.


Taxi Ray, an old sailor straight out of a comic book; he had an blue anchor tattoo on his arm and 
always challenged people to a game of gin rummy (which he rarely lost). G.I. Joe, an old drunk who 
could barely hold his cards up (let alone his shined head), would occasionally pass out at the 
table with a cigarette in his mouth, ashed in the middle but pristine on either end. He would 
sometimes wake up in a snap, push all-in, lose, and then slurr at us “I’ma call mah momma on you” 
when he lost. Next to them sat Nick and Striker. Nick was a cubicle slave, pen-pusher by day, but 
by night turned into a poker playing, Elton John afficionado; if he was there, Elton was on the 
jukebox with Nick screaming lyrics out. Striker was Nick’s best friend. He was in the Coast Guard, 
but the only thing he patrolled was the weed and hookers at each port. His marriage was in 
shambles. The owner of the bar, Carla, played with us as often as she could. She was a worn-looking 
woman. A look at her told you that she snorted way to much coke, smoked too many cigarettes, and it 
seemed like a small bottle of Sutter Homes was always attached to her hand. Her boyfriend, whose 
name I forget, would sometimes play with us, but usually he played pool. He was from Indiana and he 
liked to laugh that I was the first person he ever met in Florida.
Apparently the night I challenged him to a game of pool was the first interaction he’d had with 
anyone since moving. He was nice. He also beat the shit out of Carla. In turn, she would 
occasionally break a bottle and cut him. They seemed happy. There was Scotty, a successful young 
computer software engineer who owned a room in his house filled with 20 Terrabyte shelves. He ran a 
server. He probably played poker a little too much and lost too often. His wife once fucked my dad. 
Chuck was always there. Chuck was an odd person; odder than the rest. When I first met him, he was 
selling a nutritional supplement that he swore could cure cancer. He gave me a sample and it had a 
sharp taste, like cough medicine mixed with lemon juice. It turned my pee neon green. “Those are 
the toxins leaving your  body” he told me. He also used to tell people that he was psychic and 
would occasionally attempt a prediction or reading which he always got wrong. He was the one who 
taught me how to deal. He showed me how to shuffle properly, how to deal the cards out quickly, 
making sure to keep my arm and wrist in a flowing motion to give the card a subtle arc that let it 
fly straight to each target. He showed  me how to stack chips, as well as stack a deck. I remember 
when hurricane Katrina blew out the windows of his apartment overlooking the Intercoastal Waterway, 
he slept through it, even as water dripped on his head through the light fixture in the ceiling. 
The last I heard he was a line cook in some dingy bar. After the triple bypass he had, I’m assuming 
he died, never mending his relationship with his kids. Tomas was playing that night as well. He was 
another dealer who I usually had to compete with for the opportunity to deal a game. He was younger 
than the rest, enjoying his life and trying to have some fun before he started trying to establish 
a career. The nail on his pinky finger was a coke-nail. When I asked him why it was so long, he 
laughed and said it was a fashion thing. I believed him. When I used to play him in Soul Calibur he 
would get furious at how often I’d beat him, and stop playing for a week before he came back. 
Carlos was also playing, which means this memory of mine takes place before he got sent to jail for 
6 years for selling 3 kilos of coke to an undercover police officer. He could have gotten off with 
3, but when he missed his court date (because he was hungover), the prosecutor got pissed and added 
4 more years. He didn’t give up any of his contacts. My dad drove Carlos’ leased Honda Accord for 
three years illegally before he had to give it up; he used to steal license plates to get the 
registration off of them so he could keep his updated. He would hold the license plate over a 
toaster until the heat let him peal the sticker off, and then he would tape it to Carlos’ car. That 
was my dad, sitting next to Carlos. If it wasn’t for him I wouldn’t have started playing pool at 
10, and been dealing poker at this bar when I was 14. We only started playing poker because we were 
trying to find a new place to play pool, since the last bar started to get upset that he was 
bringing his 11 year old son into a bar to play pool until 2 in the morning. Nobody else seemed to 
mind since they got a kick out of an 11 year old consistently beating people at a bar, competing in 
pool bar-tournaments against Flavio, a South American professional who I only just lost to because 
I decided to bank the 8-ball instead of cutting it. When I missed, there was a collective sigh 
throughout the bar, I had no idea everyone had been watching. And then there was me:

14 years old on a Friday night, with $250 in pocket to give out to 1st and 2nd place. I was a great 
fucking dealer, and I got paid $50 a game, plus tips. I was in high school bringing home $200 a 
weekend. I was surrounded by degenerates, coke-addicts, and alcoholics, who for some reason I loved 
and considered a family of sorts. They gave me advice on girls, life, school, health, and generally 
seemed to care that I did well in life. I think they saw in me an opportunity to rectify some 
mistakes in their lives, or act like the older brother, or parent they wish they had, or could be. 
Or maybe I’m just being a sentimental asshole. I remember dealing a house game once and someone was 
doing a line of coke on the table, another person was passing around a pipe, and when it got to me, 
I just casually passed it to the person next to me. My dad looked proud that I didn’t even 
hesitate. He never did drugs around me. He always waited
until I left for the week.

After the divorce I had a dream. 
I was running through a gorge that was 
half filled with water, being chased by a 
monstrous octopus. It had a purplish hue 
and its tentacles were marked by veins 
and stains of ink. I saw a building and I 
ran towards it. I was in a classroom. My 
mother was the teacher at the desk. The 
centerpiece of the classroom was an 
incredibly detailed model of the solar 
system, casually floating. Space rocks 
flew through the empty space, the planets 
orbited at a slow, drunken, pace. I thought 
it would be fun to play with it. So I started 
moving planets around and I put Earth 
right next to the sun.

My mother screamed at me: 
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE. YOU KILLED US ALL.

I looked out the window and I saw a wall 
of flames eating its way towards me,
destroying everything. And I knew it was 
my fault.

It was always my fault.

He was in love, though. That’s what he said.
And it makes sense now how when 
everyone in my family warned me about 
the creature, my dad thought she was 
amazing. He was as broken as she was.

The difference between me and my father 
was that at some point he realized he 
wasn’t helping Chloe and he told her 
‘you need to go back to Colorado, be with 
your family, I can’t help you.’ So he 
bought her a plane ticket and sent her 
home. He felt good about what he’d done, 
but also felt the constant ache of having 
left the person you love and the 
acknowledgement that you couldn’t do 
anything for them.

Love doesn’t fix everything.

She folds her clothes with such precision…
She trails off laughing at me to herself
(still folding clothes)
But back to what I came here to do.
Revision.
Rework.
Create and question the question of creation.
“Take off your shoes”
She says,
“The floor musn’t get dirty.”
With a single bed staring at a microwave
Her entertainment
her refrigerator that is
stove, sink, towel rack,
Half stained dishes hardening with hummus.
She makes a shelf
With condiments, crackers, and pop tarts
While homeless
Books of poetry
(Ginsberg and Bukowski)
Lie next to Lo-Li-Ta
Trippingly on the tongue
Like the taste of drugs in a syringe.
The floor must not get dirty
As she picks up individual strands of hair
From the tile of her efficiency
Falling
As she strokes and pulls
At its comforting blackness
The floor must not get dirty
As I sit on the bed
And watch
As lines of heroin
Lines of poetry
Numb her to the atrocities of her life—
Body—
But I smile because I know my support—
My body—
And driving her at midnight to get a new journal
And playing drunken Scrabble—
B3/O1/D2/Y4—
Is what I can give in payment for her
Freckles and her smile.
And I know that supporting her
Being there and letting
(enabling)
Her destroy herself—
Her body—
Is more than I can do.
The floor must not get dirty,
As she puts down the phone
Stop breathing
You’ll hyperventilate
Pass out
Hit the floor
So she stops.
Knowing that she needs to make sure
That the floor must not get dirty.

