There was no me.
I embodied her.
I became her.
Her fault was my fault.
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay
It’s okay It’s okay It’s okay                          
And than sche sent for hyr gostly fadyr, 
for sche had a thyng in conscyens whech 
sche had nevyr schewyd beforn that tyme 
in alle hyr lyfe.                          
"Ya, dowtyr, the mor wondryng that thow 
hast for my lofe, the mor thu plesyst me."
Than this creatur durst non otherwyse do 
than sche was comawndyd in hir sowle.                          
It’s hard to be honest when you don’t 
know what truth is. For so long I’ve 
characterized her as a monster, a terrorist, 
a sociopath, a psychopath, and I know 
she’s toxic, I know she washes over 
everything with coat of negativity and 
manipulation and she’s sidetracked lives 
and stolen opportunities, but I gave 
up trying to say anything, I didn’t tell her,
there was no communication, no 
towardness, only pure empty space. 
I tried to tell her in the beginning but it 
always ended with me being wrong and 
hating myself for it. I learned not to 
question her. I learned not to speak up. 
I learned that my words opened the doors 
to my destruction. So I was silent.
But I did give up. I stopped trying to tell 
her that she was hurting me. I stopped 
disagreeing with her. Derrida says that the 
yes opens the path to being, but all I said 
was yes and the foundations of my 
sensibilities were rendered inert. My body 
couldn’t communicate, neural pathways 
were blocked and sealed.                          
When I started dating her, she was 19, a 
runaway, and a heroin addict. Towards 
the end of it all, my dad started dating a 
new girl. She was 19, a runaway, and a 
heroin addict. He was 57, miserable, and 
an alcoholic. He always complains that he 
never speaks to my sister, but that’s 
because she lives in California, and by the 
time she calls, it is 3 hours later, and he’s 
almost certainly drunk, and no one wants 
to talk someone like that.                          
This isn’t to say he was a bad father. 
He was a good father, just not a good 
person. He would kill for his kids. Die for
his family. After the divorce he was still 
my cousin’s favorite uncle, and he
still came to every holiday, and I saw him 
every weekend. My cousin told me that 
when the divorce happened, he pulled the 
three of them aside and said 
“no matter what, I’m still your uncle and 
I will always love you.” I know I can 
depend on him for anything. I know he 
depended on me for everything.
                          
