How do you handle my body?
You touch me, see me, smell me
are me
my blood on your hands.*
12:49 on 2/24/13
“That felt really odd writing that, I feel like 
I held myself back because I’m scared of 
the implications of writing anything down. 
Writing it down makes it real. Not really, it 
is real. But if someone were to read this, 
it’d be like bearing (baring?) my soul for 
the world to see. But isn’t that what poetry 
is? Baring your soul to the world? How does
she do it? How does she make everything 
so available, yet at the same time close 
everyone off? It’s bad that I’m starting to 
really feel something for her. Bad because 
of the moral ambiguity from that poem. 
I’m with her and everything really is gray; 
there no longer exists black and white. But 
maybe I’ve always believed in ambiguity 
and non-absolutes and she actually lives 
that life while I sit in my safe little world 
peering in through the pages of a book. 
Philosophers and texts offer a window, but 
she offers a doorway. I can say I’m glad 
that I feel it’s bad to know her because 
what IS bad? What society has instilled in 
me? What I fear my peers will think, or 
how they’ll react? No, I like this bad. It 
feels so transgressive. My time with her 
is fun, and while it should be exhausting, it 
never is. It’s the reason that whether we 
stay friends or develop into something 
more, I’ll never forget her and I’ll never 
regret her. She’s shown me that I can live without fear.”*
She looked at me and saw me looking and 
we started to fight. I told her that she had 
to choose between me and the heroin. 
She chose the heroin. I was too far gone 
to actually quit her.
*
Her friend called me without knowing that 
the monster and I had started sleeping 
together. It was a coincidence. “She’s in 
the back seat covered in puke. We only 
realized what was happening when we 
heard her gagging.” She had fallen asleep 
on her back and was choking. I went to 
her house. I picked her up out of the back 
seat. The smell of vomit and the slime of
bile on my skin made me gag. I carried 
her to the house and dropped her on top 
of her sheets. I put music on her iPod so 
she wouldn’t wake up to silence. The next
morning she called me to come over, I 
brought her Gatorade and crackers. She 
didn’t know how I knew. I told her I’d put 
her to bed. She cried.*
"Ya, dowtyr, the mor wondryng that thow 
hast for my lofe, the mor thu plesyst me."
Than this creatur durst non otherwyse do 
than sche was comawndyd in hir sowle.*
And than sche sent for hyr gostly fadyr, 
for sche had a thyng in conscyens whech 
sche had nevyr schewyd beforn that tyme 
in alle hyr lyfe.*
