How do you handle my body?
You touch me, see me, smell me
are me
my blood on your hands.

12:49 on 2/24/13
“That felt really odd writing that, I feel like 
I held myself back because I’m scared of 
the implications of writing anything down. 
Writing it down makes it real. Not really, it 
is real. But if someone were to read this, 
it’d be like bearing (baring?) my soul for 
the world to see. But isn’t that what poetry 
is? Baring your soul to the world? How does
she do it? How does she make everything 
so available, yet at the same time close 
everyone off? It’s bad that I’m starting to 
really feel something for her. Bad because 
of the moral ambiguity from that poem. 
I’m with her and everything really is gray; 
there no longer exists black and white. But 
maybe I’ve always believed in ambiguity 
and non-absolutes and she actually lives 
that life while I sit in my safe little world 
peering in through the pages of a book. 
Philosophers and texts offer a window, but 
she offers a doorway. I can say I’m glad 
that I feel it’s bad to know her because 
what IS bad? What society has instilled in 
me? What I fear my peers will think, or 
how they’ll react? No, I like this bad. It 
feels so transgressive. My time with her 
is fun, and while it should be exhausting, it 
never is. It’s the reason that whether we 
stay friends or develop into something 
more, I’ll never forget her and I’ll never 
regret her. She’s shown me that I can live without fear.”

There was a reason I fell in love with her.

"Ya, dowtyr, the mor wondryng that thow 
hast for my lofe, the mor thu plesyst me."
Than this creatur durst non otherwyse do 
than sche was comawndyd in hir sowle.

This is what is left, this is the only text left, 
the only material evidence of that writing.

There comes a point when you’re holding 
a body against yours and you realize 
you’re living in the space of a poem.

There comes a point when you realize that 
the body is poetry. That poetry is the body. 
That they inform each other and can never 
be separated. The materiality of the soul 
is located in the text of the book, scroll, 
manuscript, code, club, computer, 
infinitely malleable it pulls at the skin and 
draws out the tongue.

But at 10 I didn’t know any better. 
He saw that I had an eye for billiards. He 
started teaching me how to play and I 
became an 11 year old pool hustler. My 
dad would approach people in bars, and 
tell them “I bet you $20 my kid can beat 
you in a game of pool.” They would 
always agree, and I would usually win. 
My dad made a lot of money. I only found 
out about this when I was 20. We spent a 
lot of our times in bars, and I look back 
on those memories fondly.

I said this to her.
I told her I wanted to her to break me.


