It’s hard to be honest when you don’t 
know what truth is. For so long I’ve 
characterized her as a monster, a terrorist, 
a sociopath, a psychopath, and I know 
she’s toxic, I know she washes over 
everything with coat of negativity and 
manipulation and she’s sidetracked lives 
and stolen opportunities, but I gave 
up trying to say anything, I didn’t tell her,
there was no communication, no 
towardness, only pure empty space. 
I tried to tell her in the beginning but it 
always ended with me being wrong and 
hating myself for it. I learned not to 
question her. I learned not to speak up. 
I learned that my words opened the doors 
to my destruction. So I was silent.
But I did give up. I stopped trying to tell 
her that she was hurting me. I stopped 
disagreeing with her. Derrida says that the 
yes opens the path to being, but all I said 
was yes and the foundations of my 
sensibilities were rendered inert. My body 
couldn’t communicate, neural pathways 
were blocked and sealed.                          
“That the work must be offered up for 
communication means that it must in 
effect be offered, that is to say, presented,
 proposed, and abandoned on the common 
limit where singular beings share one 
another. The work, as soon as it becomes 
a work, at the moment of its 
completion—which means as soon as it 
becomes a project, and in its very 
texture—must be abandoned at this limit. 
And this can only happen if, by itself and 
for itself, the work does nothing other than 
inscribe singularity/community, or inscribe
 itself as singular/common, as infinitely 
singular/common.”
- Jean-Luc Nancy, “Literary Communism”                          
Her friend called me without knowing that 
the monster and I had started sleeping 
together. It was a coincidence. “She’s in 
the back seat covered in puke. We only 
realized what was happening when we 
heard her gagging.” She had fallen asleep 
on her back and was choking. I went to 
her house. I picked her up out of the back 
seat. The smell of vomit and the slime of
bile on my skin made me gag. I carried 
her to the house and dropped her on top 
of her sheets. I put music on her iPod so 
she wouldn’t wake up to silence. The next
morning she called me to come over, I 
brought her Gatorade and crackers. She 
didn’t know how I knew. I told her I’d put 
her to bed. She cried.                          
